<group>
<title>Sydney Guard</title>
<quote>QUOTE</quote>
<content>
The Sydney Guard was Sydney’s first vigilante team. The group is based in North Sydney, specifically around Mosman and Cammeray. The group’s main goal is to combat ExoCorp and Philip Dean, preventing their technological and criminal enterprises.

The group maintains a very low public profile and is limited by a lack of money and influence. Combined with personal factors, this means the Sydney Guard are confined to the shadows, waging their war of attrition against North Sydney’s criminal underworld.

NOTABLE MEMBERS:
Silver Spectre
The leader and founder of the Sydney Guard, the Silver Spectre brought the group together and endeavours to hold them together.
Red Rhino
The second member of the Guard, the Red Rhino is similarly passionate about the group’s efforts but struggles to share his personal problems with the team.
Mockingbird
The final member of the Guard, Mockingbird sometimes fails to relate to Dylan and Hugo’s issues due to her unfamiliarity with ExoCorp. As a result she can become unhappy with their focus on the company over the wider issues she is exposed to with the police. Nonetheless she is also a keen member of the group.
Sergeant Jonah Riley
A malleable policeman and good friend of Mockingbird, Riley supports the team by keeping them out of the police eye and providing vital intel and resources to aid their operations.

HISTORY:
After becoming the Silver Spectre, Hugo Johannsen was immediately out of his depth, struggling to single-handedly bring down ExoCorp and evade capture by the Velvet Knights.
Eventually he decided to approach his old friend Jonah Riley for assistance. Now a capable policeman he was eventually persuaded to help the Silver Spectre.
Riley also provided Hugo with a serious of police reports related to an individual titled the Red Rhino who had been causing trouble. Jonah suggested Hugo might be able to apprehend him where police had failed.

Hugo was reluctant but decided to see what could be done and eventually managed to locate Dylan Jenkins, the man behind the Red Rhino. Realising the gravity of Dylan’s situation, Hugo set out to help him and was successful, securing Dylan’s help in the fight against ExoCorp, with the two  becoming very close friends.
Soon after, Jonah realised his close friend Mockingbird would be a beneficial member to the growing team and he suggested she seek out Hugo and Dylan. Siena was readily taken in by Spectre after discrediting Dylan’s suspicions.

Inspired by his love for superheroes, Hugo declared the group the Sydney Guard and together the newly formed group began their campaign for Sydney.

BASE:
Reformed, the Red Rhino was approached by Slimy Simon, accountant and general errand boy for the Wrestling Society. Acting under Gilgamesh, Simon pressured Dylan to return to the wrestling ring. Dylan saw an opportunity and a responsibility and returned to the Wrestling Society.
Then sitting at rank 6, Dylan climbed up to rank 2 and negotiated with the ruler of the Society, Daniel Watson, making a deal for his purchase of a disused part of Watson’s complex, (located on Military Road in Neutral Bay).

Dylan made some minor renovations to the space, enhancing it as a base of operations for the Sydney Guard.
Inside there is a small wrestling ring surrounded by a number of seats, along with a locker room and a small private conference room. A tiny safe-room, used to hold gambling money during fights is also present.
As such, the space serves as an ideal base for the Guard and provides a source of income, with Dylan teaching wrestling/self-defence lessons for civilians.
</content>
</group>
